{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # XR Activities for DIWA Roadmap\
\
> This document outlines recommended XR activities to support the long-term goals of the Immersive Digital Twin Lab within the DIWA Flagship.  \
> It is intended as a draft for discussion and may be refined over time.\
\
## Table 2 \'96 Recommended XR Activities\
\
| Activity | Type | Frequency | Expected Impact |\
|----------|------|-----------|----------------|\
| XR Technology Newsletter | Short-Term | Bi-weekly | Share updates, trends, and news around XR for the research community and DIWA stakeholders. Keeps the community informed and engaged. |\
| One-Day XR Workshop | Short-Term | Biannual | Provide hands-on training on XR tools and applications for students, researchers, and staff, including practical sessions in the Immersive Digital Twin Lab. |\
| Online XR Development Course | Medium-Term | Ongoing, subscription-based | Structured learning for VR/MR and digital twin applications accessible online for national and international participants. Builds capacity and broadens access to XR expertise. |\
| Collaboration with Other XR Labs | Medium-Term | Ongoing | Establish partnerships with national and international XR labs to share expertise, resources, and best practices. Enhances research quality and global networking. |\
| Participation in XR Events | Long-Term | Annually / As scheduled | Attend key XR conferences and events (e.g., XR4EUROPE 2026, Slush 2026, UnitedXR Europe, EGU Vienna 2026) to showcase work, learn new technologies, and network. Increases visibility and collaboration opportunities. |\
| XR Demo Days / Showcases | Short-Term | Biannual | Present ongoing XR projects, prototypes, and research results to the academic and industry community using the Immersive Digital Twin Lab. Supports stakeholder engagement and feedback collection. |\
| XR Research Publications | Medium-Term | Quarterly / As research is completed | Publish technical reports, case studies, and research findings on XR and digital twin applications. Enhances academic impact and project visibility. |\
| XR Infrastructure Development | Long-Term | Ongoing | Build and maintain XR labs, VR/MR equipment, and software platforms\'97including the Immersive Digital Twin Lab\'97to support research, teaching, and demonstrations. Ensures sustainability and continuous technological advancement. |\
\
---\
\
> \uc0\u9888 \u65039  **Note:** This XR activities roadmap is a draft and intended for discussion. Feedback and recommendations are welcome to refine priorities, timing, and scope of activities.\
}